Spell check (#65)
rapidez/docs: src/3.x/intro.md

---

> The idea behind Rapidez is to have a blazing fast headless frontend for your Magento 2 webshop, which should be very easy to customize. The frontend is separated from the Magento installation, and communication between them is done with GraphQL. To speed things up, Rapidez also queries the Magento database to get catalog information, for example. For category pages and filters, Rapidez uses Reactive Search, which uses ElasticSearch as a database. Indexation is also taken care of and is pretty fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea behind Rapidez is to have a blazing fast headless frontend for your Magento 2 webshop, which should be very easy to customize. The frontend is separated from the Magento installation, and communication between them is done with GraphQL. To speed things up, Rapidez also queries the Magento database to get catalog information, for example. For category pages and filters, Rapidez uses ReactiveSearch, which uses ElasticSearch as a database. Indexation is also taken care of and is pretty fast.
```
